Hey, Lord Du
I will follow this official to change the owner later.
we
go out for a walk
The show is about to begin
Brother Liang Xia is about to plummet
The stampede is about to begin
Big event Qingya
In the face of such great events
Four ocean wounds
This story.
Tang Bidangju
70 cents purchase price
Count the cost on the road
It has reached the cost price of 80 cents a bucket.
Now you can earn 25 points by selling a bucket
Sell a little more and go bankrupt
Sell it all at a price below 105.
How come?
50% off
He sells it and I sell it too
My cost price is lower.
The manager is always an adult
This waiter is sultry with the time period
The grain is not allowed to leave the city
Then I won't lose a lot of money. I 930,000 yuan
I gave him a low price for what to sell 930,000
1.93 million 10,000 930,000
The food 930,000
How is this done by thousands of households?
No no these adults
How is this done?
These foreign merchants flourished in Hebi
If there is a slight wind and grass, there will be challenges
That's human nature.
Everyone is afraid of business
Everyone is afraid of going bankrupt
And a package sale
It will definitely lead to the speed under the beam
Less than a quarter of an hour
Under the beam, it plunged for 120 minutes
As low as 93 characters, the means of a knife master
The attention of Lord Xiaguan
93 I have a knife
Lord Du, you are too underestimating and laughing
This foreign grain merchant
Just fired the first shot of the price reduction
This is the real plunge.
It hasn't even started yet.
The lord said that the big grain merchants in the city are appetizing
It's selling.
But it's impossible
Zhao Qianhanlin Temple Daliang merchants have always been in communication with each other
monolithic
They can't throw away
But so far
What adults do
Enough to explain to Chang'an
The lower official will invite the empress to give the adult's bedroom
Sizzling
Lord Hahaha Du
You are looking too highly at the four major families this time
And remember one sentence
This phrase is not only used on sunny days
Even a hundred years from now
A thousand years later
Die with business
Wealth is easy to share adversity
I have no friends in hell today
Grain prices in Linjiang City plummeted
Entering the city from foreign grain merchants
There has been no one since I opened the warehouse to put grain
No friends in the sense
The Liang family in Linjiang City plummeted
Is big
No one can stop it